com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableQuery.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableQuery
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableQuery$Operators
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableQuery$QueryComparisons
com/microsoft/azure/storage/MetricsProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.MetricsProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessPolicy.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessPolicy
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/CloudTable.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.CloudTable
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.CloudTable$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.CloudTable$2
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/SR.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.SR
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileRangeHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileRangeHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/DynamicTableEntity.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.DynamicTableEntity
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageUri.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageUri
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageUri$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/PropertyPair.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.PropertyPair
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/ShareListingDetails.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.ShareListingDetails
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/SharedAccessSignatureHelper.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.SharedAccessSignatureHelper
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/PageRange.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.PageRange
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/StandardBlobTier.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.StandardBlobTier
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/LeaseStatus.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.LeaseStatus
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobContainerPermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobContainerPermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ResultContinuationType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ResultContinuationType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/CorsRule.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CorsRule
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/ListResponse.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.ListResponse
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/StorageRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.StorageRequest
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.StorageRequest$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/EntityProperty.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.EntityProperty
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/LogConstants.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.LogConstants
com/microsoft/azure/storage/CloudStorageAccount.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$5
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$6
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$7
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CloudStorageAccount$ConnectionStringFilter
com/microsoft/azure/storage/IPRange.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.IPRange
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessProtocols.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessProtocols
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/EdmType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.EdmType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RequestResult.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RequestResult
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/RehydrationStatus.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.RehydrationStatus
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileOutputStream.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileOutputStream
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileOutputStream$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileRequest
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileRequest$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/MimePart.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.MimePart
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/TableCanonicalizer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.TableCanonicalizer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TablePermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TablePermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlockEntryListSerializer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlockEntryListSerializer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueListHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueListHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobAttributes.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobAttributes
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/EntityResolver.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.EntityResolver
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryExponentialRetry.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryExponentialRetry
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/ShareListHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.ShareListHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/StorageService.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.StorageService
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ResponseReceivedEvent.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ResponseReceivedEvent
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlockEntry.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlockEntry
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessPolicyHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessPolicyHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ErrorReceivingResponseEvent.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ErrorReceivingResponseEvent
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/ShareStats.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.ShareStats
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/LogBlobIterable.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.LogBlobIterable
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlockSearchMode.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlockSearchMode
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ResultContinuation.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ResultContinuation
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileDirectoryAttributes.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileDirectoryAttributes
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageCredentialsAccountAndKey.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageCredentialsAccountAndKey
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/PageOperationType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.PageOperationType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueResponse.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueResponse
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryingEvent.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryingEvent
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/PageRangeHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.PageRangeHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/BlobQueueFileCanonicalizer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.BlobQueueFileCanonicalizer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableRequest
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/SharedAccessFilePolicy.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.SharedAccessFilePolicy
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlockListingFilter.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlockListingFilter
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageLocation.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageLocation
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageCredentialsSharedAccessSignature.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageCredentialsSharedAccessSignature
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/ListBlobItem.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.ListBlobItem
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/MimeHelper.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.MimeHelper
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/CloudQueueMessage.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueueMessage
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CloudBlockBlob.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlockBlob
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlockBlob$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlockBlob$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlockBlob$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlockBlob$4
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/LeaseDuration.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.LeaseDuration
com/microsoft/azure/storage/NameValidator.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.NameValidator
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/PageRangeDiffHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.PageRangeDiffHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/CanonicalizerFactory.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.CanonicalizerFactory
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RequestCompletedEvent.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RequestCompletedEvent
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/LazySegmentedIterator.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.LazySegmentedIterator
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TablePayloadFormat.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TablePayloadFormat
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/LogBlobIterator.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.LogBlobIterator
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableEntity.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableEntity
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageException.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageException
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileServiceProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileServiceProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/ContainerListingDetails.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.ContainerListingDetails
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/LogRecordIterable.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.LogRecordIterable
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueRequest
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableDeserializer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableDeserializer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/BaseResponse.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.BaseResponse
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableServiceException.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableServiceException
com/microsoft/azure/storage/LoggingProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.LoggingProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CloudBlobDirectory.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobDirectory
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileRange.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileRange
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableConstants.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableConstants
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableConstants$ErrorConstants
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableConstants$HeaderConstants
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/RequestLocationMode.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.RequestLocationMode
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/CloudFileDirectory.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileDirectory
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileDirectory$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileDirectory$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileDirectory$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileDirectory$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileDirectory$5
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileDirectory$6
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueuePermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueuePermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableUpdateType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableUpdateType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/CorsProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CorsProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/ContainerListHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.ContainerListHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableResult.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableResult
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ServiceProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServiceProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobContainerAttributes.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobContainerAttributes
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessAccountResourceType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessAccountResourceType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobListingContext.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobListingContext
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/UriQueryBuilder.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.UriQueryBuilder
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobContainerProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobContainerProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileDirectoryProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileDirectoryProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/CloudQueueClient.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueueClient
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueueClient$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueListingDetails.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueListingDetails
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/StorageCredentialsHelper.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.StorageCredentialsHelper
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/Utility.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.Utility
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.Utility$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileResponse.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileResponse
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/LazySegmentedIterable.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.LazySegmentedIterable
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/LeaseState.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.LeaseState
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueMessageType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueMessageType
com/microsoft/azure/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.microsoft.azure.android.BuildConfig
com/microsoft/azure/storage/GeoReplicationStats.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.GeoReplicationStats
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryNoRetry.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryNoRetry
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/PathUtility.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.PathUtility
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableEntitySerializer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableEntitySerializer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ServiceClient.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServiceClient
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServiceClient$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServiceClient$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServiceClient$3
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobInputStream.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobInputStream
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/SharedAccessTablePolicy.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.SharedAccessTablePolicy
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueMessageHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueMessageHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessHeaders.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessHeaders
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/ListBlobsResponse.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.ListBlobsResponse
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/CloudTableClient.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.CloudTableClient
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.CloudTableClient$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.CloudTableClient$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.CloudTableClient$3
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileConstants.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileConstants
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryContext.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryContext
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ServiceStats.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServiceStats
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryPolicyFactory.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryPolicyFactory
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileSharePermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileSharePermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueConstants.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueConstants
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ServicePropertiesHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServicePropertiesHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageExtendedErrorInformation.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageExtendedErrorInformation
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileRequestOptions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileRequestOptions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/StorageErrorHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.StorageErrorHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueMessageSerializer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueMessageSerializer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageCredentials.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageCredentials
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobConstants.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobConstants
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileInputStream.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileInputStream
com/microsoft/azure/storage/MetricsLevel.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.MetricsLevel
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ServicePropertiesSerializer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServicePropertiesSerializer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/NetworkInputStream.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.NetworkInputStream
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessPolicySerializer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessPolicySerializer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessAccountPermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessAccountPermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/ListFileItem.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.ListFileItem
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileShareProperties.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileShareProperties
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ResultSegment.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ResultSegment
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobContainerPublicAccessType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobContainerPublicAccessType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/LogRecordIterator.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.LogRecordIterator
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/SharedAccessBlobPolicy.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.SharedAccessBlobPolicy
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/CloudQueue.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$10
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$11
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$12
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$13
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$5
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$6
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$7
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$8
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.CloudQueue$9
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/StreamMd5AndLength.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.StreamMd5AndLength
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/SharedAccessBlobPermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.SharedAccessBlobPermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobOutputStream.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobOutputStream
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobOutputStream$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobOutputStream$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobOutputStream$3
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlockListHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlockListHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CloudBlobClient.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobClient
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobClient$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/DeleteShareSnapshotsOption.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.DeleteShareSnapshotsOption
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobListingDetails.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobListingDetails
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/LogRecord.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.LogRecord
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/SharedAccessBlobHeaders.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.SharedAccessBlobHeaders
com/microsoft/azure/storage/DoesServiceRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.DoesServiceRequest
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/JsonUtilities.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.JsonUtilities
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileAttributes.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileAttributes
com/microsoft/azure/storage/GeoReplicationStatus.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.GeoReplicationStatus
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/SharedAccessQueuePolicy.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.SharedAccessQueuePolicy
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/CloudFile.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$10
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$11
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$12
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$5
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$6
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$7
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$8
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFile$9
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobListHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobListHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/PageRangeDiff.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.PageRangeDiff
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableResponse.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableResponse
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/PremiumPageBlobTier.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.PremiumPageBlobTier
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/LeaseAction.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.LeaseAction
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.LeaseAction$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/SharedAccessQueuePermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.SharedAccessQueuePermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/SegmentedStorageRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.SegmentedStorageRequest
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessAccountPolicy.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessAccountPolicy
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileListHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileListHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/ODataPayload.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.ODataPayload
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobRequestOptions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobRequestOptions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableRequestOptions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableRequestOptions
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableRequestOptions$PropertyResolver
com/microsoft/azure/storage/BaseEvent.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.BaseEvent
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/MessageUpdateFields.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.MessageUpdateFields
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableStorageErrorDeserializer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableStorageErrorDeserializer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/ListingContext.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.ListingContext
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/Canonicalizer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.Canonicalizer
com/microsoft/azure/storage/ServiceStatsHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.ServiceStatsHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageEvent.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageEvent
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/ExecutionEngine.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.ExecutionEngine
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.ExecutionEngine$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileShareAttributes.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileShareAttributes
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/CloudAnalyticsClient.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.CloudAnalyticsClient
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.CloudAnalyticsClient$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/MimeHeader.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.MimeHeader
com/microsoft/azure/storage/LocationMode.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.LocationMode
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableOperation.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableOperation
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableOperation$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableOperation$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableOperation$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableOperation$4
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CloudPageBlob.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudPageBlob
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudPageBlob$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudPageBlob$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudPageBlob$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudPageBlob$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudPageBlob$5
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/QueryTableOperation.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.QueryTableOperation
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.QueryTableOperation$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/analytics/LogRecordStreamReader.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.analytics.LogRecordStreamReader
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/Logger.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.Logger
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryLinearRetry.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryLinearRetry
com/microsoft/azure/storage/queue/QueueRequestOptions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.queue.QueueRequestOptions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/Base64.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.Base64
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/Ignore.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.Ignore
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/BaseRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.BaseRequest
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/StoreAs.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.StoreAs
com/microsoft/azure/storage/Permissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.Permissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageErrorCodeStrings.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageErrorCodeStrings
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RequestOptions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RequestOptions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableBatchOperation.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableBatchOperation
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableBatchOperation$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/LoggingOperations.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.LoggingOperations
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableServiceEntity.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableServiceEntity
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SharedAccessAccountService.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SharedAccessAccountService
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CloudAppendBlob.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudAppendBlob
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudAppendBlob$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudAppendBlob$2
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/SharedAccessTablePermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.SharedAccessTablePermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/DeleteSnapshotsOption.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.DeleteSnapshotsOption
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobRequest.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobRequest
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobRequest$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/SharedAccessFileHeaders.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.SharedAccessFileHeaders
com/microsoft/azure/storage/SendingRequestEvent.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.SendingRequestEvent
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CopyStatus.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CopyStatus
com/microsoft/azure/storage/Constants.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.Constants
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.Constants$AnalyticsConstants
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.Constants$HeaderConstants
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.Constants$QueryConstants
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/TableOperationType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.TableOperationType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/OperationContext.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.OperationContext
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CloudBlob.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$10
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$11
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$12
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$13
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$14
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$15
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$5
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$6
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$7
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$8
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlob$9
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/CloudFileShare.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$10
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$5
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$6
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$7
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$8
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileShare$9
com/microsoft/azure/storage/core/WrappedByteArrayOutputStream.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.core.WrappedByteArrayOutputStream
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/CopyStatus.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CopyStatus
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/ShareStatsHandler.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.ShareStatsHandler
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/FileRangeOperationType.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.FileRangeOperationType
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryPolicy.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryPolicy
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageErrorCode.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageErrorCode
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/CopyState.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CopyState
com/microsoft/azure/storage/RetryInfo.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.RetryInfo
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/BlobResponse.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.BlobResponse
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageEventMultiCaster.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageEventMultiCaster
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/SharedAccessFilePermissions.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.SharedAccessFilePermissions
com/microsoft/azure/storage/file/CloudFileClient.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileClient
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.file.CloudFileClient$1
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CopyState.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CopyState
com/microsoft/azure/storage/AccessCondition.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.AccessCondition
com/microsoft/azure/storage/StorageCredentialsAnonymous.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.StorageCredentialsAnonymous
com/microsoft/azure/storage/table/ODataConstants.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.table.ODataConstants
com/microsoft/azure/storage/blob/CloudBlobContainer.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$1
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$10
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$11
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$12
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$13
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$14
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$15
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$2
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$3
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$4
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$5
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$6
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$7
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$8
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.blob.CloudBlobContainer$9
com/microsoft/azure/storage/CorsHttpMethods.java
 com.microsoft.azure.storage.CorsHttpMethods
